It is the first televised show of the awards season, or as co-host Allison Janney put it, the one where you ‘get to see all the stars before they get down to Oscar weight’. But Allison's acerbic wit aside, it is the night when 'the people' get to pick their big winners in showbiz - and coming up trumps were stars Iggy Azalea, Melissa McCarthy and Kaley Cuoco, who were all in attendance at the Nokia Theatre in LA on Wednesday night. First, The Big Bang Theory star Kaley dished out the award for Favourite Comedic Movie Actress to Melissa for the (critically derided, but commercially successful) movie Tammy, and poked fun at the recent controversy surrounding her comments on feminism in Redbook magazine. 
Scroll down for video... 

Big win: Melissa McCarthy kicks off the People's Choice Awards as she is named Favourite Comedic Movie Actress, at the event held at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles Asked by actor Josh Gad whether she should really be presenting an award honoring (gasp) a woman (and not one dedicated to her husband Ryan Sweeting, we presume) Kaley quipped: 'I know, it's part of my apology tour'. Next was Adam Sandler who picked up his ninth award, this time for Favourite Comedic Movie Actor, albeit for the negatively reviewed flop Blended. Parenthood stars Monica Potter and Dax Shepherd presented the award for Favourite Hip Hop Artist – with Dax dryly suggesting they were chosen because ‘we’re in our forties and super white’. 

Popular gal: Iggy Azalea took home to award for Favourite Hip Hop Artist beating out Nicki Minaj He's not worthy! Iggy joked that presenter Dax Shepherd had kept her up the night before, because she was watching him on his show Parenthood Not so Fancy: Iggy admitted she hadn't prepared anything for her speech, so kept it short and sweet as she took home to award for Favourite Hip Hop Artist Even she looks surprised! Kaley Cuoco beat Amy Poehler and Melissa McCarthy to be named Favourite Comedic TV Actress for The Big Bang Theory The Big Gong Theory! Kaley looked delighted to accept her huge trophy on the night He's the (funny) man! Adam Sandler won for Favourite Comedic Movie Actor - his NINTH People's Choice gong
